hey everyone its Susan welcome back to
my Channel today I have a small
louisvuitton and boxing and it is an
item that I repurchased um and what I
mean by that is had I had this item once
before and I decided to sell it don't
know why but that's when I was going
through my cleaning out phase and it was
just solving everything left and right
and this was was one of the items and I
regret it so I called my sales associate
and asked her if she had any left in her
store so luckily for me she did um to me
I could contemplate ordering this again
because it is an expensive item and for
what it is so I just decided to just
plunge and just take just go ahead and
make that purchase and I'm so without
further ado let me go ahead and get
started so this is the first time I've
received a Louboutin item and one of
these ups boxes so I'm just going to go
ahead and open it up and I'm going to be
quite about to drag this video on
because I tend to do that a lot so
hopefully everyone has been having a
great summer so far I've been trying to
keep my son 50 so baseball season is
over and I've been trying to keep them
busy with other things and also you know
because football season doesn't start
till August so yeah so anyway here is
the item the box is a little bit most at
the top but here it is and the nice
louboutin box and I'm assuming that the
receipt is inside but
again there's a lot of people like big
stuff going on so yep here is the
receipt says the we have a ton and
inside is the receipt and the sales
associates card information so
it was tissue in the box OH here is the
best five here the skin and a flop dust
bag to reveal the louisvuitton in sylhet
wallet and the multicolored and with the
granada interior and before i had myself
so she attends to me i did ask her to
look it over and make sure everything
was okay with it because you know how
sometimes it glazing isn't doesn't look
right on the wallet and it just kind of
looks a little worked but anyway I had
to look over that but you can see the
colors here they are I guess the Royal
Blues maybe the light blue the
chartreuse color the lime green color so
on both sides as you can see so it does
have
okay so there's the interior I love the
intimate wallet since the new Tom Paris
made them Spain and it has six credit
card slots here it has a slot here has a
zipper per slot there it's got a slot
back there another six credit cards with
another sub pocket and it has the double
zip at the top and there goes the
interior and if I didn't mention is the
color brown odd here's the information
and then it has just that little car
than the care card and everything so I'm
excited that I am able to have this back
into my collection and if for some crazy
reason I decided to change my mind on
this I'm going to have it look over but
she liked it up in just oh that's good
I'll probably just return it before the
time is up of course but i love this
moment i have it and the DA me a tab n
with the red interior and absolutely
loves this wallet so that is it if you
guys want to see a review on it later on
just let me know and i can do that for
you this one on this wallet so yeah like
I said it's the gorgeous multicolor
wallet with the quinone interior so
that's I think there's so much for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and I will be back definitely with
saw reviews requested reviews thanks
again you guys have a good one say bye